DOCS-1853: View captured data (#2841)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/filtered-camera.md

     {{< imgproc src="/tutorials/filtered-camera-module/configure-webcam-data-capture.png" alt="The camera component configuration pane in the Viam app with data capture configured and enabled" resize="800x" >}}

1. Click **Save** in the top right corner of the page to save your changes.

> 1. You can check that data is being captured by, click on the menu on the camera and select **View captured data**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu on the camera and selecting **View captured data**.
```

> 1. You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu on the camera and selecting **View captured data**.

Reviewer: opt nit: phrasing:

```suggestion
1. You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu icon on the camera configuration pane and selecting **View captured data**.
```

Or similar. Just to avoid on the ... on the

> 1. You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu icon on the camera configuration pane and selecting **View captured data**.

Reviewer 2: Semantic but do you want to say "being captured and synced"?

Reviewer 2: same comment for everywhere you just say "captured". Since if you were just capturing without syncing it would not show up
